주제: Antibiotics

What are antibiotics?Antibiotics are medicines that treat bacterial infections in humans and animals. They work by killing the bacteria or making it hard for the bacteria to grow and multiply. When used properly, antibiotics can save lives. But there is a growing problem of antibiotic resistance.What is antibiotic resistance?Antibiotic resistance happens when bacteria change and can resist the effects of an antibiotic. The bacteria are not killed, and they continue to grow. The infections these bacteria cause are called resistant infections. Resistant infections can be difficult, and sometimes impossible, to treat. In some cases, they can even be deadly. Antibiotic resistance does not mean that your body is resistant to antibiotics.There are many different types of resistant infections. They include MRSA and drug-resistant tuberculosis (TB). If you get a resistant infection, you might need:A long hospital stayA long recoveryFollow-up visits with health care providersTreatments that are expensive and may have severe side effectsAntibiotic resistance is one type of antimicrobial resistance. There are other types; viruses, fungi, and parasites can also become resistant to medicines.How do bacteria become resistant to antibiotics?Antibiotic resistance is a natural process that happens over time. To survive, bacteria can develop defense strategies against antibiotics. This happens through genetic changes in the bacteria. These resistant bacteria survive, grow, and spread.Each time you take antibiotics, there is a risk that the bacteria will become resistant. So it is important to only take antibiotics when you really need them. They won't work on viral infections such as colds and the flu. And you don't need antibiotics for every bacterial infection. For example, you may not need them for some sinus and ear infections.Who is more likely to develop an antibiotic-resistant infection?Anyone can develop an antibiotic-resistant infection, but certain people may be at higher risk, including those who:Have a weakened immune system from diseases such as HIV or from taking medicines that affect the immune systemAre getting medical care such as surgery and hospital staysTake antibiotics for a long timeAre infants, especially if they were born prematurelyAre older adultsHow can antibiotic resistance be prevented?There will always be some antibiotic resistance, since it happens naturally. But you can help fight against antibiotic resistance by taking these steps:Don't use antibiotics for viruses.Don't pressure your health care provider to give you an antibiotic if they don't think you need one.When you take antibiotics, follow the directions carefully.Don't share your antibiotics with others.Don't save antibiotics for later or use someone else's prescription.Help prevent the spread of bacterial infections with good hygiene habits. These include washing your hands often and covering your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing.Centers for Disease Control and Prevention