주제: Arrhythmia

What is an arrhythmia?An arrhythmia is a problem with the rate or rhythm of your heartbeat. Your heart beats too quickly, too slowly, or with an irregular pattern. Changes in the electrical signals that control your heartbeat cause arrhythmias.When your heart beats faster than normal, it's called tachycardia.When your heart beats too slowly, it's called bradycardia.When the signal to beat comes too early, it's called a premature or extra heartbeat. It may feel like your heart skipped a beat.There are many types of arrhythmias. Arrhythmias may affect the upper or lower chamber of your heart. The most common type of arrhythmia is atrial fibrillation, which causes an irregular and fast heartbeat.Some arrhythmias are harmless, such as when your heart rate speeds up during exercise and slows down when you sleep. But if you have a frequent irregular rhythm, it may mean your heart isn't pumping enough blood into your body. Getting treatment and following a heart-healthy lifestyle can help control arrhythmias. It may also help prevent heart damage that can trigger some heart arrhythmias.What causes an arrhythmia?Many factors can affect your heart's rhythm, such as having had a heart attack, smoking, congenital heart defects, and stress. Other factors that could increase your risk for some types of arrhythmias could include if you:Have a family history of arrhythmias.Have certain health conditions, which can include heart and blood vessel diseases, lung diseases, kidney diseases, obesity, and sleep apnea.Are an older adult.Have had recent surgery for your heart, lungs, or throat.Take certain medicines for other health conditions.Use illegal drugs.If you have risk factors, some situations that make your heart work harder, raise your blood pressure, or cause strong emotional stress may trigger an arrhythmia.What are the symptoms of an arrhythmia?You may not have any noticeable symptoms of an arrhythmia. Your provider may find an arrhythmia during your routine checkup. Symptoms of an arrhythmia can include:Fast or slow heartbeatSkipping, fluttering, or pounding heartbeatsChest pain or discomfortDizziness or faintingShortness of breathSweatingTiredness or weaknessSeek emergency medical care if you have chest pain, shortness of breath, or think you are having a heart attack.How is an arrhythmia diagnosed?To find out if you have an arrhythmia, your health care provider may order an electrocardiogram (EKG).  This test records your heart's electrical activity and is the most common for finding an arrhythmia. Your provider may also:Ask about your medical history, including your symptoms and lifestyle habits.Do a physical exam, which includes checking your heartbeat and pulse.Order blood tests and other heart tests.Check your legs or feet for swelling.Look for signs of other health conditions that could cause an arrythmia, such as thyroid disease.What are the treatments for an arrhythmia?Treatment may include medicines, an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) or pacemaker, or sometimes surgery. Your provider may also recommend avoiding activities that may trigger your arrhythmia.The goal of treatment is to restore a normal heart rhythm. If not treated, arrhythmias can damage your heart, brain, and other organs and could be life-threatening.Can arrhythmias be prevented?To help prevent an arrhythmia, your provider may suggest that you make heart-healthy lifestyle changes and treat health conditions that may cause arrhythmias.NIH: National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute