주제: Arthritis

What is arthritis?If you feel pain and stiffness in your body or have trouble moving around, you might have arthritis. Any disorder that affects the joints is often called arthritis. Joints are places where two bones meet, such as your elbow or knee.Most types of arthritis can cause joint pain and inflammation (swelling). Over time, a swollen joint can become severely damaged. Some kinds of arthritis can also cause problems in your organs, such as your eyes or skin. Treatment will depend on the type of arthritis you have.What are the types of arthritis?Common types of arthritis include:Osteoarthritis is the most common type of arthritis. It's often related to aging or injury.Autoimmune arthritis happens when your body's immune system attacks healthy cells in your body by mistake.  Rheumatoid arthritis is the most common form of this type of arthritis.Juvenile arthritis is a type of arthritis that happens in children.Infectious arthritis is an infection that has spread from another part of your body to the joint. Reactive arthritis is one type.Psoriatic arthritis affects people with psoriasis (itchy or sore scaly red and white skin patches).Gout is a painful type of arthritis that happens when too much uric acid builds up in your body. It often starts in the big toe. Other joints can also be affected.Ankylosing spondylitis is a type of arthritis of the spine that can cause stiffness and make it difficult to move and bend.What are the symptoms of arthritis?Pain, redness, warmth, and joint inflammation are common arthritis symptoms. You may not be able to move your joint as well as it should. Other symptoms could include fever, weight loss, breathing difficulties, or a rash.Symptoms often get worse as you age. Some symptoms of arthritis may be signs of other illnesses.Who is more likely to get arthritis?A few things that might increase your chance of getting arthritis include:Family history. You may be more likely to get certain types of arthritis if a member of your family has the disorder.Age. The risk of getting many types of arthritis increases with age.Sex. Certain types of arthritis are more common in women, while other types are more common in men.Other factors that might increase your risk of getting arthritis include having a previous joint injury, obesity, or lupus.How is arthritis diagnosed?To find out if you have arthritis, your health care provider may:Ask you about your medical history, including your symptoms.Do a physical exam.Order blood tests or take x-rays.Your provider may refer you to a rheumatologist (a doctor who specializes in arthritis care) for tests, diagnosis, and care.What are the treatments for arthritis?Treatment depends on the type of arthritis you have. It may include medicine or surgery. Your provider will work with you to improve your symptoms and quality of life.A few ways to help manage your symptoms include:Hot or cold packsRelaxation techniquesUse of splints, braces, and/or assistive devicesNIH: National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases