주제: Living with HIV

What are HIV and AIDS?HIV stands for human immunodeficiency virus. It harms your immune system by destroying a type of white blood cell that helps your body fight infection.AIDS is the final stage of infection with HIV. It happens when the body's immune system is badly damaged because of the virus. Not everyone with HIV develops AIDS.Are there treatments for HIV?There is no cure for HIV, but there are many medicines to treat both HIV infection  and the  health problems and infections (called opportunistic infections, or OIs) that come with it. The medicines allow people with HIV to have long, healthy lives.How can I live a healthier life with HIV?  IIf you have HIV, you can help yourself by:Getting medical care as soon as you find out that you have HIV. You should find a health care provider who has experience in treating HIV.Taking your medicines every day.Letting your provider know if you get any new symptoms or health problems.Keeping up with your regular medical and dental care.This includes staying up to date with your recommended health screenings and vaccinations. Your provider can let you know which ones you need. Managing stress and getting support, such as from support groups, therapists, and social service organizationsTrying to live a healthy lifestyle, including:Eating healthy foods.This can give your body the energy it needs to fight HIV and other infections. It can help you manage HIV symptoms and medicine side effects. It may also improve absorption of your HIV medicines.Getting regular physical activity. This can strengthen your body and immune system. It may also reduce the risk of depression.
  Getting enough sleep. Sleep is important for your physical strength and mental health.Not smoking. People with HIV who smoke have a higher risk of developing conditions such as certain cancers and infections. Smoking can also interfere with your medicines. Talk to your provider if you need help quitting smoking.Avoiding heavy drinking or taking illegal drugs. They can damage your liver, which means your HIV medicine may not work as well. They can also make it harder for your body to fight infections.Protecting yourself from OIs. Talk to your provider about medicines and vaccines that prevent certain OIs. Also, be careful to avoid exposure to contaminated food and water.It is also important to reduce the risk of spreading HIV to other people. You should tell your sex partners that you have HIV and always use latex condoms. If your or your partner is allergic to latex, you can use polyurethane condoms.